[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Here we have a static prop,
which is todo's where we connecting at
all right so we're connecting down here.
So create todo instead of firing
off a static action like this.
We won't do that and what instead
what we'll do is will dispatch we need
to get those methods that we created So
we'll import {createTodo,
getTodos } from './actionCreators'.
There you go.
And what we can do now is
handle text change,
so on press this.props.createTodo,
this is gonna be an async function now.
So if we head down here,
we can say createTodo we want to
dispatch the actual create to do.
Property here with the actual
to do value in there.
But this is going to be a string.
Every time a JSON.stringify, so
we should probably just add an object
on here that has a name property on it.
There we go.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Why do you need to do
the dispatch(createTodo())?
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
So createTodo is this,
this method right here right?
So we need to wrap this in dispatch
as this is how we tell Redux about it
if we don't dispatch it we're
just calling the function and
it won't be past this function the actual
dispatch once when we dispatch it.
When we, so when we invoke
this function we're gonna get
back on another function that's
going to be expecting dispatch and
that's what this backs does,
it passes itself to the return function.
So we can dispatch any
later actions later on.
>> Speaker 3: How do you differentiate
between those two createTodos?
>> Scott Moss: This
is scoped inside of an object so there's
no way you could refer to this createTodo
outside of its object.
>> Speaker 3: Right, but in the next line.
>> Scott Moss: And then in the next line,
this is a global to do
because it's up here.
Yeah like if I did this,
is referring to this one.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
But I mean.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I mean you can change it.
And yeah, you could definitely change it.
This is why they made bind and action
creators cuz now if you change now you
got think of a different name for
both of what that are doing the same thing
as bind actually cares will just
make them the same for you.
But I kept the same to like
not have different names but
if it's confusing to have the same names
Is it confusing to have the same name-
>> Speaker 3: It's confusing to me and
it may not be confusing anyone else but
it is.
>> Speaker 2: It's the same thing whatever
the state or
something your like .
Doesn't want kind of thing.
>> Speaker 3: I don't think so.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, this is a global,
this is just scoped here And
then we did the other one which is
addTodo or really we have down.
Sorry, getTodos which
takes no argument and
it just dispatches getTodos
which also takes no arguments.
There we go.
So what we want to do first is,
let's say, componentDidMount so
when a component did mount we're
gonna say this.props.getTodos.
So we're going to get TodoList and
we're gonna call that function
which is going to get the TodoList.
And because we're already
subscribed to the todo state
we don't have to update our state locally
because the todo's are already here.
So at that we get todo's
we don't have to say.
Then, this.state.
We don't have to do that.
It's all the fine.
And then now here I want to create todo.
We'll say this.createTodo I'll pass
in the new todo state here and
one more thing I need to do is because I
pass an object now this is gong to .name.
There we go.
Now let's actually try this.
Different app.
Go, go.
I can't remember if I ran this.
Am I running this?
I don't think so.
I think I'm still running the other app.
Yeah.
Cool.
We'll run that.
And then we'll run the server.
Adjacent server.
>> Scott Moss: Cool.
All right, we'll let that build.
>> Scott Moss: But
the meat and potatoes here is really
just adding Redux .to the middleware and
then just dispatching your
actions when you're done.
That's it.
We can do more stuff here,
we can do another promise and
we can keep this batch and
keep this batch If you wanted to.
That's the whole point of this is
do all the asynchronous stuff and
then fire up the events that you want.
So this is called an action creator or
in this case an async action creator
because it itself is not an action but
when it's resolved that it is an action or
will dispatch an action.
There we go.
>> Scott Moss: I
don't care whether it will debug.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
You just don't wanna run, do you?
Let's build it again.
Any questions on this stuff?
>> Scott Moss: All right.
Are you built?
I got two servers running.
That's why that make sense.
Okay, anyway there's a to do, sweet.
So let's make sure we've
got a PR server running so
it looks like it already
tried to get it to do.
So as I did that on component.
It tried to first of the dues right,
>> Scott Moss: Right here.
So the podium out.
It ran this meant that
they started to do this.
There were to do so
to do anything but if we add one and
we say clean up there you go.
It adds it right here, and we
can go look at the server log we can see
that it actually did post to the server.
Now if we go look at db.json,
it actually added it, clean up.
And the reason it came
back here is because if we
follow it through Redux one more time.
When we create a todo we say
post that to do to the server,
the server gives it back to us here,
we dispatch a new action with
a type called create_TODO.
Pass and then I need to do
that in services gave to us.
That's gonna run to
the reducer on create to-do
just return the list of the dos
with the new one at the top.
And because it's a do.JS,
we're subscribed to that to-do state
here and we're iterating over it.
Here it's going to update.
I don't know why it's
hot module reloading.
Why it's doing that.
Any other questions?
So two things to remember,
use Redux stock as a middleware and
then just dispatch a regular action
inside of your resolution of your
asynchronous operation and that's it.
And it's the same thing, you use it
the same way as you would a static action.